User Manual for Fitness Track Application


Upon running the application, you will be greeted with a login/signup screen. Create an account.
Upon account creation you will be greeted with a home screen that has a button for exercise logging, meal plan generating, and an exercise history view.

Exercise Logging:
Users have free reign over the name of the exercise they want to incorporate
You will see sets and reps, obviously only taking number inputs.
There is also an entry for weight, which is optional as exercises range from calisthenics to weighted. 
Upon submission of a log, it will be taken into the exercise history view

Exercise History View:
There is a refresh button at the top in case a manual refresh of history is ever needed by the user.
In this view, all logs you have previously recorded will be sorted by day of the week, and after the week ends will a specific numerical date attached. Ex) 04/09/2026
You will see all attached information, including name, sets, reps, and weight.
If an entry is swiped to the LEFT, you will see the ability to either EDIT or PERMANENTLY DELETE an entry.


Editing/Deleting Entries:
As stated above, you will see two buttons to edit or delete an entry.
Deleting will permanently erase all associated data with the entry, this is non-recoverable.
Editing will prompt a menu where you will see the ability to rename, as well as readjust reps, sets, and weight.
Upon pressing "Update", the data will be adjusted and cannot be reverted.

Meal Plan Generator: 
Upon opening the meal plan generator view, you will be greeted with an entry field that will ask for your height in cm, weight in kg, and your target calories.
It will also ask if you want to generate a meal plan for a single day or an entire week. Upon providing the requested information, it will greet you to a list.
This list contains meal name, meal preparation time, and servings. At the end of each entry the estimated nutritional information is provided.
This includes information on protein, carbs, and fats with many more nutrients being possible to implement. 
